do not
very good to all how about you guys and
girls how are you here back or that
be well my chicks and my chickens
and we are in a new episode
How to beat the beast remember
that you can support this series very much
leaving your little hand up because remember
What is up is a post and a
The marble really does not cost anything and helps
very much that would lead to that you have to
leave a little hand up
the girl is said that we press
f5 and f1 to share the inventory
let's see how we get the second
episode of how to type the beast that
the truth that I saw that you liked it very much
the first one so I hope you can
support it also very much like the
first and even more so you can not
take advantage and leave me your comment
to know what more types of volley tea
I can bring to the channel at the time of recording
the beast tell you that I'm playing with
Maria Josefina and we own goal am
playing as they would burn would not know that
I'm playing to type it is believed that
be well recording once is already worth
just normal and with people then
Well, it's not going to wait, not then
there comes here comes please please
visit and visit please visit let's
kill her let's vote yes yes yes yes no
yes perfect perfect perfect I want
get to get to that to stay here
it is understood who is here to our
next dam worth is victim as
you want to call, let's try
get to the position of the last time
who taught in the first episode and
as I said that the truth that had
very much support and I appreciate it but
very much very much that the truth that
it's pretty pretty
good you know what you liked and good
now we do a picasso that a bit
that should support the video to what if
yes yes to yes yes if
you see this one deserves a wand up
let's wait
come on let's go let's little
nothing is happening, nothing is not good, perfect
perfect dies look look but if it is
that this little boy of ours is going to be
our eggs always
it has nothing to do
you have not killed pete h
typical location sowing not because we're going
to wait here for the beast to come
to troll the please if you commit that
go for cans let's go
out of here good good good that's going to
be you going to service please
let's see how are we going to wait
let the boy come I think he has already left
yes yes I know already it is already moving
my daughter is moving
they are my human miserable bait
scattered and power
Well the truth is that I've been an hour worth
I do not exaggerate an hour trying to record
escape from the beast out of here and
out of here and out of here fuck
fuck but how lucky is this guy
good
thanks to the new humans giving the
hug we are not going to hide in the part
iron
I'll get on top of her and then I'll
be waiting from above for the beast
Well, in order to kill her, I do not think
it's going to look pretty good and I think that
it can go well but good I had the
loss of my pick good help of the pike
your female that the truth that has given me
quite a pity but hey I would go through
please, I'm going to try to climb in asarta
Please please
this is perfect perfect perfect
perfect then now let's go no no no
I
I would not do it
the two
let's wait for it because it gives better this
boy looks out there but well let's go
to see
out outside out
Yes Yes
what
it can not be can not be going to live
to live like this
and good guys gigas we are here in the
last game I will play this game
like the beast the truth that good today
vary eye do not go because because
flames good let's play this game
as beast and good came a work as
I said before one hour and I do not exaggerate
okay it took an hour supposed that now they're going
to be 10 o'clock at night and should
have posted this video at 10
the night and many people will have given
realize that I'm playing bullfighting
so it's something that you call good
I hope you will be waiting for me at
somewhere simply because of the
made of trying to stay and I have
beige space as they were waiting for me if
is that I knew it if I knew it I knew it
surely Maria is trying to get there
in the end because
he wants to kill me is clearer than the
water that you have is in clear cordoba
because he has killed her , you know how I am
the girls the girls and you
you are pure you are very spiteful
Alvarez you are very spiteful and not
forget not to forget do not forget
we know it ourselves
you know it and I suppose it will be
waiting at the end to kill me
and there is no one here is not that I do not want
get to the end and die that are left
you know that they have me here at the beginning
be the garden and marina here more
perfect and you will be saying the girls
and can I lie there are two guys are going to
say is all here in comments and by
yes yes yes you are right has listening case
I so so so the guys have won
because we are more and good we are going to arrive
there at the end I guess as I said
will be waiting for me up there to
kill me will be saying team are you going to
shit you killed me before then now I'm going
to kill me because I get out of the
eggs
worth perfect perfect vale at least with
catch hosts
I do not shit in your life look what is
spiteful I knew it was that I knew
theme topic, nothing guys and girls
it seems that the episode ends here
of how to touch the beast if I see that
this episode has a lot of support that
we beat the little hands up well
exceed the third part that tries to
bring more click click that is a little bit
longer
see you I love you very much and that there
or does not vary varies but does not vary
disappeared from work